[OCPCLOUD-994] Add simple overview user document (#731)
openshift/machine-api-operator: docs/user/Overview.md

# Document Purpose

This document describes how the `MAO` gets deployed, and the `MAO`'s responsibilities. It includes guidelines, how to troubleshoot typical issues with resources provisioned by `MAO`.

## CVO integration

`MAO` code is running under the `machine-api-operator` `Deployment`. This and other resources listed below are relying on `CVO` management strategy, and are being consumed from the `/install` directory: https://github.com/openshift/machine-api-operator/tree/master/install

Namely:
- `openshift-machine-api` `Namespace` - the primary and the only namespace, where the `MAO` is hosted, and all of the dependent resources are being managed by the operator.
- `machine-api-operator` `Deployment` - `MAO` code runs here.
- `machine-api-operator-images` `ConfigMap` - is injected with provider images, used by `MAO` to deploy a cloud-provider specific code.

> - `CredentialsRequests` - granular request for cloud credentials, served by https://github.com/openshift/cloud-credential-operator 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CredentialsRequests` - granular request for cloud credentials, fulfilled by the [cloud-credential-operator](https://github.com/openshift/cloud-credential-operator)
```

- `Alerts`, `Metrics`, `CRDs`, `RBAC`, and `Services` are deployed from the `/install` directory.

### Upgrade

`MAO` installation/upgrade procedure relies on `CVO`. 

> `MAO` is deployed after `CVO` starts running at [run level](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-version-operator/blob/master/docs/dev/operators.md#how-do-i-get-added-as-a-special-run-level) 30, right after the Kubernetes operators (run level 10-29), and before the machine-config-operator (run level 80)

Reviewer: Good link there! Would have asked for that if you hadn't put it in! 😄

The new version of `MAO` `Deployment` is responsible for installing/upgrading provider executables

## This repository is responsible for:

### Maintaining

`MAO` hosts `CustomResourceDefinitions` and controllers, responsible for serving each of the following resources.
- `Machines`
- `MachineSets`
- `MachineHealthChecks`

This operator is responsible for the creation and maintenance of:
- `machine-api-operator` `ClusterOperator` - `MAO` status reporting
- `machine-api-controllers` `Deployment` - controllers for all supported `CRDs`
- `machine-api` `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` and `MutatingWebhookConfiguration` - validation and defaulting for Machine resources

> termination handler `DaemonSet` - monitoring for spot instances state and remediating `Machines`, which are deployed on those in case the instance goes away.

Reviewer: Think this should be a bullet point as well right?

### Implementing

> - `Machine` controller - manages Machine resources. It uses actuator interface, which follows a `Machine` lifecycle [pattern](https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/machine-api/machine-instance-lifecycle.md) This interface provides `Create`, `Update`, and `Delete` methods to manage your provider specific cloud instances, connected storage, and networking settings to make the instance prepared for bootstrapping. Each provider is therefore responsible for implementing these methods.

Reviewer: Maybe link `actuator interface` to the code?

### Integrating 

Providers which currently works with `MAO`, are:
- [AWS](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-api-provider-aws)
- [GCP](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-api-provider-gcp/)
- [OpenStack](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-api-provider-openstack/)
- [vSphere](https://github.com/openshift/machine-api-operator/tree/master/pkg/controller/vsphere)
- [Azure](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-api-provider-azure)
- [BareMetal](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-api-provider-baremetal/)
- [OVirt](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-api-provider-ovirt)

## Works closely, but not directly responsible for

- [cluster-api-actuator-pkg](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-api-actuator-pkg/) - hosting e2e tests for `MAO` and supported cloud providers.
machine-config-operator - creating machineConfigs with configuration to inject into provisioned Machine instances. Is responsible for initiating Node bootstrap procedure for newly created Machine.
- [cluster-machine-approver](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-machine-approver) - approving Node CSR for newly provisioned Machine.

> - [cluster-autoscaler](https://github.com/openshift/kubernetes-autoscaler/tree/master/cluster-autoscaler) - automatic scaling of MachineSet resources, manages ClusterAutoscaler and MachineAutoscaler resources.

Reviewer: > manages ClusterAutoscaler and MachineAutoscaler resources.

This is cluster-autoscaler-operator not cluster-autoscaler, should include that repo linked here as well

## ClusterOperator

### Status management

`MAO` is responsible for status reporting on the `machine-api` `ClusterOperator`. Our status reporting  is following the [best practices](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-version-operator/blob/master/docs/dev/clusteroperator.md#conditions).

> The status condition goes `Degraded` if any of the managed resources are failed the rollout procedure, or were unavailable for longer [periods](https://github.com/openshift/machine-api-operator/blob/760561cc29c823a62e2f4c9d7798592d3107e45d/pkg/operator/sync.go#L31-L34) of time. 

Reviewer: I think this improves readability
```suggestion
The status condition will turn `Degraded` if any of the managed resources fail to rollout, or are unavailable for longer [periods](https://github.com/openshift/machine-api-operator/blob/760561cc29c823a62e2f4c9d7798592d3107e45d/pkg/operator/sync.go#L31-L34) of time. 
```
